hi everyone I'm Jackie from vegan hack
attack we're at a wonderful food blogs
on the internets I'm really excited
about working with vegan cuts on you
guys is mixed snack box so I got to pick
out some really awesome food things for
you guys and I guess we should just get
into it right first off you have
nature's bakeries big bar basically like
the things you had as a kid but 10 times
better okay be a hundred times better
there's out in the desert for Coachella
I lived off of these next step my
personal favorite all is to go this may
seem like a weird concept but i'm
absolutely in love with olives it's so
bad addiction that i have and these
would be really great permitting technic
serve with some wine some vegan cheese
and fruit or something so get this
awesome little package in their snack
box next five minute pizza dough so
there's a flour mixture in here when
you're making the pizza all you have to
do is mix it with some club soda or
sparkling water a little bit of oil and
your step for pizza crust can only
imagine all the toppings you can put on
these i actually have a couple recipes
for this on my blog and of course I mean
really just need a coconut bacon this
much different than the other one still
really good right out of the bag and
even better pizza and lastly what I'm
really excited about this feels a huge
boy vegan snack
are being filled ranch be an ice chips
they're gluten-free maybe in the rice no
corn in it and the ranch flavor in there
vegan they're so good and if you get a
hold of their barbecue flavor chips make
them together GameChanger so this is
just a little of what's in your being
cut snack box this month I'm just really
excited for you guys to get your hands
on there because it's not good stuff so
make sure to check out the pizza recipes
on my blog at bacon habitats com make
sure to get yourself a snack box
subscription yeah bean fields rancher
flavor crispy chips thing about this is
is how you need to mix with this dough
mixture
ha